Title: Senior Information Developer
Company: Arm
Location: Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-information-developer-at-arm-4474266651
Posted: 2026-10-06
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with Priya's background as a Technical Communication Specialist and Product Specialist, with responsibilities matching her experience in documentation, release management, and regulated-industry compliance (though not explicitly mentioning MDR/ISO 13485). Location is Cambridge, UK (target country), and the role is mid-senior level.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Senior Information Developer
Arm  Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
15 hours ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who Arm has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Job ID 2026-19420 Date posted 05/10/2026 Location Cambridge, United Kingdom Category Technical Writer

Job Overview

Are you a can-do, user-focused information developer who wants to work on ground-breaking technology for the world’s leading semiconductor IP company?

We have an exciting opportunity for you to join our Technical Communications team working with innovative, brand-new CPU technology! As a Senior Information Developer, you will develop customer-facing content in collaboration with Arm’s engineering and marketing teams. You will do this by building networks with product teams and by gaining information from our internal sources and your own investigations.

You will also be part of a larger community of information developers working together to create and deliver content for Arm's products, solutions, and tools.

Responsibilities


Identifying user needs to create, adapt, and improve content based on those needs.
Creating user-focused content that helps our customers achieve their goals.
Collaborating with your team lead and other information developers to implement the best processes and practices for the technical content you produce.
Training, mentoring, and leading junior members of the team.


Required Skills And Experience


Experienced technical writer, with a consistent record of writing for global audiences and strong customer focus.
Ability to read and interpret technical specs and design documents.
Self-starter and able to work from your own initiative with good judgment and clear decision-making skills.
Supportive and encouraging team-mate, who thrives in a collaborative work environment.
Flexible and pragmatic with strong problem-solving skills.
Creative, dynamic, and insightful.
Good knowledge of industry standard tools, with the ability to learn and adapt (such as DITA, HTML, XML, and XSLT).
Enjoys learning about new technologies especially around computer architecture, microprocessors, or related technical fields.


“Nice To Have” Skills And Experience


Experience documenting software and/or hardware products in a semiconductor environment.
Understanding of CPU hardware design principles.
A degree or postgraduate qualification in a related area. For example: Computer science, Physics, or Maths or English, Linguistics, or Law.


In Return


Work alongside world-class engineers on ground breaking CPU IPs.
Enjoy competitive compensation, flexible working arrangements, and opportunities for career growth in a technically challenging environment.


Our 10x Mindset

About

At Arm, we believe progress happens when people are empowered to think bigger and push beyond what seems possible. Our 10x mindset is about curiosity, ambition and creating impact that will be used by millions. We learn fast, prioritise collaboration and turn bold ideas into real technology. We look for people who are inspired by this way of working and want to grow in an environment where bold ideas are welcomed. Discover how the 10x mindset shapes life at Arm:

Use of AI in Your Application

At Arm, we embrace the benefits AI can bring, including in recruitment. You may use AI to support your preparation, such as improving the clarity of written responses, practicing interview questions, or learning more about our industry. However, your application and interview responses must reflect your own thinking, experience, and abilities. We want to understand your authentic perspective, creativity, and approach to problem solving. As such, you may not use AI to complete assigned tasks as part of any assessments. If you plan to use AI-supported or assistive technologies as part of a reasonable adjustment, please contact

Recruitment Adjustments and Accommodations

At Arm, we want to build extraordinary teams. If you need an adjustment or an accommodation during the recruitment process, please email

Hybrid Working

Arm’s approach to hybrid working is designed to create a working environment that supports both high performance and personal wellbeing. We believe in bringing people together face to face to enable us to work at pace, whilst recognizing the value of flexibility. Within that framework, we empower groups/teams to determine their own hybrid working patterns, depending on the work and the team’s needs. Details of what this means for each role will be shared upon application. In some cases, the flexibility we can offer is limited by local legal, regulatory, tax, or other considerations, and where this is the case, we will collaborate with you to find the best solution. Please talk to us to find out more about what this could look like for you.

Equal Opportunities

Arm is an equal opportunity employer, committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal opportunities are available to all applicants and colleagues. We are a diverse organization of dedicated and innovative individuals, and don’t discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Salary Range

£57,900 - £78,400 per year
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Semiconductor Manufacturing, Software Development, and Computer Hardware Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Arm by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Senior Information Developer jobs in Cambridge, England, United Kingdom.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Data Analytics Developer
Data Analytics Developer
East West Railway Company
Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Software Developer Analyst
Software Developer Analyst
International Rescue Committee UK
London, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
SQL Developer
SQL Developer
UST
London Area, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Digital Consultant
Digital Consultant
Mott MacDonald
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Staff Information Developer
Staff Information Developer
Arm
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Performance & Insight Engineer
Performance & Insight Engineer
Bedfordshire Fire and Rescue Service
Bedford, England, United Kingdom
£46,579 - £50,908
6 days ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Enterprise Data Platforms (EDP) Data Modeler
Enterprise Data Platforms (EDP) Data Modeler

Barclays

Northampton, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Business Intelligence Developer
Business Intelligence Developer

Comtecs Group

London Area, United Kingdom
£80,000 - £90,000
2 weeks ago
BI Engineer
BI Engineer

Fred Perry

London, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Business Intelligence Developer
Business Intelligence Developer

Holland Mountain

London Area, United Kingdom
4 days ago
Data Product Developer
Data Product Developer

ION® Audio

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Application Engineer - BI
Application Engineer - BI

Slaughter and May

London Area, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Senior Business Intelligence Developer
Senior Business Intelligence Developer

Provallar Executive Search

London Area, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Digital & IT Technical Specialist
Digital & IT Technical Specialist

Parker Hannifin

Hemel Hempstead, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Power BI Developer
Power BI Developer

Tesco Mobile

Welwyn Garden City, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
Senior People Systems Specialist
Senior People Systems Specialist

Sportradar

London, England, United Kingdom
6 days ago
Similar Searches
Information Developer jobs
20,952 open jobs
Senior Staff Writer jobs
51 open jobs
Principal Technical Writer jobs
30 open jobs
Staff Technical Writer jobs
30 open jobs
Lead Technical Writer jobs
133 open jobs
Senior Technical Writer jobs
482 open jobs
Professor of English jobs
44 open jobs
Information Architect jobs
3,349 open jobs
Senior Developer jobs
18,475 open jobs
Contract Technical Writer jobs
181 open jobs
Technical Writer jobs
2,644 open jobs
Test Engineer jobs
26,482 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Arm
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.