Title: Quality Engineer, Nuclear
Company: Eclipse Automation
Location: Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
URL: https://ca.linkedin.com/jobs/view/quality-engineer-nuclear-at-eclipse-automation-4437407425
Posted: 2026-08-04
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's background in quality engineering (Topcon Healthcare, Elektrobit) and regulated industries (ISO 9001, CSA N299 standards), fits target location (Ontario, Canada), and matches her mid-senior experience level.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Quality Engineer, Nuclear
Eclipse Automation  Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
2 months ago  66 applicants
  

See who Eclipse Automation has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Job Title: Quality Engineer, Nuclear

Location: Cambridge, ON | On-site

Job Type: Full-time

Compensation: $26.00-$37.00/hour

Benefits: RRSP, health/dental/vision package, reimbursement for tuition and professional dues, paid vacation, personal days, and sick days

Get To Know Us

Eclipse Automation delivers cutting-edge custom automated manufacturing solutions across multiple industries. We combine advanced automation expertise with digital innovation to create smart, efficient, and sustainable manufacturing systems. Our global network includes facilities in Canada, the United States and Hungary ensuring regional expertise and global strength.

The Position

Reporting to the Quality Manager, the Quality Engineer will set quality standard for in-process and finished product. Partnering with key stakeholders, the incumbent will work with the Quality Manager to maintain quality management system and deliver the Eclipse Vision and the Eclipse Entrepreneurial Culture.

What You’ll Be Doing

Technical


Assist Quality Manager in establishing, implementing, and maintain the quality management system
Interpret international/national quality standard, customer quality requirement. Ensure Eclipse manufacturing and quality system compliance to international/national quality standard and customer quality requirement.
Develop Quality Plan including project quality assurance plan (PQAP), inspection and testing plan (ITP), control plan, control chart, inspection sample plan.
Provide technical support to quality technicians to complete quality document review, inspection and testing tasks
Collect, review and compete history file for customer project.
Work with cross functional team to perform root cause investigation of non-conformance and implement corrective action
Partner with production staff to raise awareness of the importance of quality and train them in quality procedures
Prepare reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and making recommendations
Engage in proactive measures, such as developing and implementing continuous improvement programs covering production processes and quality management systems
Work with supply chain members to ensure the quality of raw materials, components or sub-assemblies and supporting documentation meets Eclipse’s quality standards
Monitor suppliers’ quality performance and implement corrective and preventative measures
Conduct supplier audit/evaluation to ensure vendor products are free from defects and in compliance with engineering and manufacturing specification.
Conduct internal audits, including audit planning, audit reporting and audit closing.
Analyze failure, corrective, and preventive actions to respond to customer complaints
Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; benchmarking state-of-the-art practices


Project Execution


Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to balance priorities and work under short timelines
Adhere to all Health and Safety rules and procedures
Ability to work in a team environment and actively participate in group meetings safely
Complete other duties and projects as assigned
Ensure scheduled milestones are met
Notify the appropriate departments if milestones are not met
Adhere to the Eclipse Project Operating Policy
Maintain good corporate citizen role in support of the Eclipse corporate Vision
Ensure that all business activities are performed with the highest ethical standards and in compliance with the Eclipse Automation Inc. Conduct Code
Foster the development of a culture reflective of the core values of the business


Travel


Expectation of travel to Eclipse locations is less than 10% of time, however, may be exceeded in exceptional circumstances to meet organizational needs


Education

What We’re Looking For:


Post-Secondary diploma in a quality related program or other related discipline.
ASQ designation as a CQE, CQI or CQT
3 to 5 years’ experience working in a Quality Engineering role in nuclear industry


Experience


In-depth understanding of ISO9001:2015, CSA N299 standard
Strong analytical and problem -solving skills
Working knowledge of measurement instruments and metrology software (Pc-dmis, Polyworks, etc.)
Read and understand blueprints and specifications
Sound understanding of quality related tools (ITP, control plans, control charts)
Understanding of statistical analysis tools
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
High proficiency of Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word


What We Offer


Reimbursement for tuition and professional dues
3 weeks of vacation and 3 paid personal days (to start)
RRSP matching program
Free snack program


Why Join Us

Here at Eclipse Automation, creation and innovation are at our core, and our culture reflects that. Fast-paced and continuously fostering growth, we encourage the entrepreneurial spirit that our teams embody, and leverage each of their strengths to do better for our people, our clients, and our communities.

Our teams are made up of innovators, thinkers, and doers, with the know-how and expertise to exceed expectations, and the relentless spirit to create and reinvent. Our people are what enable us to live up to our name - to eclipse all others, inspiring and creating outcomes that change the world.

Eclipse Automation is committed to creating an accessible and inclusive work environment. It is our policy to recruit and select applicants solely on the basis of their qualifications. We are an equal opportunity employer that hires talent regardless of age, race, creed, colour, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or any other status or condition protected by applicable law.

At Eclipse Automation, we believe in the power of human connection. We do not use AI in our hiring process; every application is personally reviewed by a member of our team to ensure each candidate receives careful consideration.

This publicly advertised job posting is for an existing vacancy. We are seeking a qualified candidate to join our team and assume the responsibilities of this role.

Eclipse Automation encourages applications from all qualified candidates. Those in need of accommodation at any stage of the recruitment process should notify eca_hresources@eclipseautomation.com. Any information received that relates to accommodation needs of a candidate will be addressed in a confidential manner.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Automation Machinery Manufacturing
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Eclipse Automation by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Jobs
Supplier Quality Engineer jobs
Quality Engineer, Nuclear
Similar jobs
Nuclear QA Engineer
Nuclear QA Engineer
Flowserve Corporation
Woodbridge, Ontario, Canada
5 days ago
Nuclear Quality Manager
Nuclear Quality Manager
GHD
Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Quality Manager
Quality Manager
Aecon Group Inc.
Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
4 days ago
Senior Supplier Manufacturing Professional
Senior Supplier Manufacturing Professional
Westinghouse Electric Company
Kitchener, Ontario, Canada
2 days ago
Nuclear Quality Manager
Nuclear Quality Manager
GHD
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Project Quality Manager (Nuclear)
Project Quality Manager (Nuclear)
Worley
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Quality Engineer
Quality Engineer

Linamar Corporation

Guelph, Ontario, Canada
3 days ago
Quality Engineering Specialist
Quality Engineering Specialist

Johnson Electric

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Quality Engineer
Quality Engineer

Magna International

Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada
1 week ago
Engineer - Supplier Quality
Engineer - Supplier Quality

MHI Canada Aerospace, Inc.

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
18 hours ago
Quality Engineer II- BH
Quality Engineer II- BH

Medtronic

Milton, Ontario, Canada
3 hours ago
Nuclear Quality Manager
Nuclear Quality Manager

GHD

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Director, Nuclear Quality
Director, Nuclear Quality

Aecon Group Inc.

Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Source Surveillance Specialist
Source Surveillance Specialist

Aecon Group Inc.

Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
2 days ago
Source Assurance Manager
Source Assurance Manager

Aecon Group Inc.

Cambridge, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Fitness for Service Engineer
Fitness for Service Engineer

AtkinsRéalis

Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Supplier Quality Engineer jobs
642 open jobs
Manufacturing Quality Engineer jobs
637 open jobs
Senior Quality Engineer jobs
523 open jobs
Customer Quality Engineer jobs
366 open jobs
Quality System Engineer jobs
498 open jobs
Project Quality Engineer jobs
1,036 open jobs
Quality Control Engineer jobs
972 open jobs
Product Quality Engineer jobs
665 open jobs
Principal Quality Engineer jobs
137 open jobs
Process Quality Engineer jobs
474 open jobs
Design Assurance Engineer jobs
298 open jobs
Software Quality Engineer jobs
714 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language

LINKEDIN

Know when new jobs open up

Never miss a job alert with the new LinkedIn app for Windows.

Get the app