Title: Senior Transition Manager
Company: HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd
Location: Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-transition-manager-at-hs2-high-speed-two-ltd-4473247382
Posted: 2026-09-30
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with Priya’s expertise in configuration management, release processes, and transition management, and is located in the UK (a target country) with no visa restrictions mentioned.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Senior Transition Manager
HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd  Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
4 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Job Description

Base salary: £46,406pa to £54,595pa depending on skills and experience. In addition, we offer flexible benefits fund of 20% which is paid on top base salary and is fully pensionable, as well as a range of competitive benefits - check them out in the Benefits section on our website.

HS2 Ltd endeavours to ensure everyone working for us and with us feels included, thrives and achieves their full potential. In practice, this means we are positive and inclusive about making adjustments, providing flexible working, encouraging our staff networks to flourish and providing personal and professional development opportunities.

Job Purpose

The Senior Transition Manager sits within the Infrastructure & Operations function and is responsible for managing transition activities for IT services during the delivery of change across HS2’s systems, while ensuring service continuity during change delivery.

About The Role


Oversee the Transition pillar in the Infrastructure & Operations function, planning and leading transition activity.
Define, develop, and lead implementation of the HS2 IT’s transition strategy, collaborating with wider stakeholders where necessary to implement safeguards to protect critical infrastructure and services.
Manage, and oversee transition actives within HS2 IT, collaborating where required with suppliers and maintaining a keen focus on continuous improvement, automation, transition, and programme structures.
Plan and drive scoping, requirements definition, and prioritisation for transition activities across HS2’s products and platforms.
Oversee and ensure that the transition delivery is integrated with the overall HS2 transformation implementation.
Oversee release management processes following delivery of products and platforms across HS2.
Define standards and guardrails to guide the development of release management plans and execution of release management processes.
Define the standards and guardrails with Enterprise Architecture to ensure consistent services are designed and built.
Actively promotes and embeds Equality Diversity and Inclusion (EDI) in all work, and support and comply with all organisational initiatives, policies and procedures on EDI.


Skills

About You


IT Service Operations. Ability to manage transition activities for all IT service related changes and implementation.
Configuration management. Able to plan, identify, control account for and auditing of configuration items and their interrelationships.
Release and deployment. Able to assess and analyse the release components/processes and can maintain and administer tools and methods for software delivery, deployment, and configuration.
Change control. Able to apply tools, techniques, and processes to administer track, log, and report on change requests. Can also apply change control procedures for standard, low-risk changes.
Service acceptance. Able to engage and define the acceptance criteria with delivery teams to confirm that products and services developed meet the service acceptance criteria and are to the required standard.


Knowledge


Knowledge of a Service Transition in an ITIL environment into an Operations function.
Knowledge of the infrastructure, products and services used in HS2 IT, and the industry that the company operates in.
Knowledge of a range of delivery methodologies (e.g., but not limited to waterfall, agile or lean), their implications and how they can be integrated into IT initiative delivery.
Knowledge of the technology service provider landscape, understanding where future chances exist for collaboration and continuous improvement.
Knowledge of digital information technology, trends, and the opportunities they present.
Knowledge of service design.


Type Of Experience


Experience in leading transition in a similarly complex environment to HS2 IT.
Experience managing a transition team and transitioning services into a multi-vendor support channel.
Experience of collaborating with or managing suppliers and vendors, especially in a multi-vendor environment.


We ask for a variety of detail in your online application, however we perform the first assessment of suitability for a role based solely on the information in your CV. In a further development of our efforts to create a more diverse workforce, your CV will be anonymised and personal information will be removed during the first stage of the application review. This removes bias from the process and makes it even more important that you attach an updated word version of your CV for each new application ensuring you include evidence directly related to the criteria in the job advert. Watch this video on how we remove bias in the recruitment process: Removing bias in the recruitment process - YouTube

Any applications received after the closing date will not be considered.

About Us

High Speed 2 (HS2 Ltd) will be the UK’s new high speed rail network. As well as improving capacity, the new scheme will shorten journey times between a number of Britain’s major population centres, boost the economy and create thousands of jobs.

HS2 Ltd will create a skills legacy and develop a diverse range of talent. We aim to be a leader in EDI practice by creating a safe & inclusive working environment for all our staff - living our values of Safety, Respect, Integrity and Leadership.

In practice, this means we are positive and inclusive about making adjustments, providing flexible working, encouraging our staff networks to flourish and providing personal and professional development opportunities.

HS2 Ltd is also a safety-critical organisation. Employees are required to ensure reasonable care of their own and others’ health and safety by taking personal responsibility for working to our ‘Safe at Heart’ programme principles and following safe working procedures at all times.

HS2 Ltd endeavours to ensure everyone working for us and with us feels included, thrives and achieves their full potential.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Truck Transportation and Civil Engineering
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Senior Transition Manager jobs in Birmingham, England, United Kingdom.

Sign in to create job alert
Similar jobs
Senior Transition Manager
Senior Transition Manager
Version 1
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago
o9 Change Readiness Lead
o9 Change Readiness Lead
Mondelēz International
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
11 hours ago
Mobilisation Manager
Mobilisation Manager
EMPRO
Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
People Impacts and Delivery Lead
People Impacts and Delivery Lead
Department for Science, Innovation and Technology
Salford, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Principal Transition Lead
Principal Transition Lead
Serco
The Home, United Kingdom
3 days ago
Asset Transitions Manager
Asset Transitions Manager
LGPS Central
Wolverhampton, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Change Manager - Oldbury
Change Manager - Oldbury

DPD UK

Oldbury, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Management Consultant
Management Consultant

Mott MacDonald

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Senior Change & Transformation Consultant
Senior Change & Transformation Consultant

Version 1

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Senior Project Manager
Senior Project Manager

General Dental Council

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
£47,189 - £55,516
5 days ago
Manager of Service Integration, Global
Manager of Service Integration, Global

Deloitte

England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Project Delivery Manager
Project Delivery Manager

Midland Heart

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Business Change Project Manager
Business Change Project Manager

Harvey Nash

Staffordshire, England, United Kingdom
£65,000 - £75,000
5 days ago
Programme Manager
Programme Manager

Servaada - a Wipro Company

Telford, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Programme Manager
Programme Manager

Investigo

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Change Lead
Change Lead

Compass Group

Birmingham, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Vocational Consultant jobs
3,066 open jobs
Interim Chief Information Officer jobs
107 open jobs
Interim Chief Technology Officer jobs
18 open jobs
Business Unit Director jobs
2,966 open jobs
Head of Software Engineering jobs
1,408 open jobs
Director of Software jobs
988 open jobs
Director Shared Services jobs
570 open jobs
Global Project Manager jobs
5,973 open jobs
Web Editor jobs
198 open jobs
Senior Compliance Manager jobs
1,923 open jobs
Change Manager jobs
19,466 open jobs
Economic Analyst jobs
3,607 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at HS2 (High Speed Two) Ltd
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.