Title: Senior Team Lead, DevOps
Company: NTT DATA, Inc.
Location: Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
URL: https://za.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-team-lead-devops-at-ntt-data-inc-4473666901
Posted: 2026-10-06
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The job aligns with Priya's expertise in DevOps (CI/CD pipelines, automation) and is located in South Africa, a target country; it also matches her senior-level experience and regulated-industry background.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Senior Team Lead, DevOps
NTT DATA, Inc.  Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
4 days ago   Be among the first 25 applicants
  

See who NTT DATA, Inc. has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
Make an impact with NTT DATA

Join a company that is pushing the boundaries of what is possible. We are renowned for our technical excellence and leading innovations, and for making a difference to our clients and society. Our workplace embraces diversity and inclusion – it’s a place where you can grow, belong and thrive.

Your day at NTT DATA

The Senior Team Lead, DevOps is a developing management role, responsible for collaborating with a variety of business stakeholders to ensure available, scalable and reliable business experiences in the daily management of the DevOps area in the business.

This role strives to drive increased capacity to innovate and expedite the value add to the business and additional responsibilities includes the management of all design, build, release and support activities associated with the relevant portfolio.

The Senior Team Lead, DevOps is responsible for ensuring their team delivers and executes in alignment with solid DevOps principles and practices, whilst inspiring collaboration and innovation focused on operational excellence.

Key responsibilities:


Manages operations for the DevOps Team and coordinates the efforts of product design and development with the more business-oriented operations and production to achieve successful new product launches.
Works closely with a variety of internal stakeholders to ensure the execution of the DevOps strategy.
Designs, develops and implements operational capabilities by overseeing the design, development, and implementation of processes, capabilities, tools and processes.
Supports with overseeing the product/portfolio lifecycle and ensures the development and operation of an agile software development process all the way through to production.
Ensures the collaborative development and continuous integration and the early discovery and exposure of integration risks, reduced costs and shortened testing cycles.
Tests and deploys processes to ensure the creation of processes that are iterative, frequent, repeatable and reliable.
Manages the development of a delivery pipeline that allows for continuous automated deployment and testing ensuring the release of new enhancements and bug fixes, enabling the practice of continuous delivery.
Monitors and validates operational quality and ensures early monitoring of the functional and non-functional characteristics by enabling automated testing.
Manages the outcomes of the tickets opened to ensure the uptime and quality of the production system is always maintained.
Manages individuals and groups. Allocates responsibilities and/or packages of work, including supervisory responsibilities.
Coordinates and manages planning of the system and/or acceptance tests, including software security testing, within a development or integration project or program.
Drafts and maintains procedures and documentation for support and manages enhancements.
Ensures that all requests for support are dealt with according to set standards and procedures.


To thrive in this role, you need to have:


Solid technical leadership and oversight of implementation and deployment planning, system integration, ongoing data validation processes, quality assurance, delivery, operations, and sustainability of technical solutions.
Solid expert technical understanding of the intersection of development and operations (DevOps), monitoring and management tools, and deployment processes and tools.
Ability in people management, risk management, change management, and project management.
Excellent judgment, analytical thinking, and problem-solving skills.
Solid experience working with quality management approaches, techniques, and principles.
Solid understanding of software development lifecycle best practices.
Solid technical understanding of development and platform engineering.
Customer centricity and strong collaboration capabilities with excellent planning skills.
Solid stakeholder and relationship management.
Excellent communication skills coupled with exceptional leadership skills.
Demonstrate an excellent and practical understanding of accepted DevOps principles.


Academic qualifications and certifications:


Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in Information Technology or related field.
Relevant DevOps certification preferred.
Agile related certification preferred.
Understanding and certification of cloud platforms and services (for example, AWS, Azure, GCP).
Knowledge and certification of scripting and programming languages (for example, Bash, Python, Ruby).


Required experience:


Solid demonstrated Software Development and Support experience.
Experience in SOAR playbook development
SOC experience relating to automation of Incidents and Automation of day to Security operations
DevSecOps integrates security into an existing DevOps pipeline to balance speed and security, while SecDevOps places security first
Solid demonstrated experience deploying software solutions to clients in an outsourced or similar IT environment.
Solid demonstrated experience working in a multi-team environment across multiple geographies.
Programming/development experience including Agile processes such as SCRUM, KANBAN.
Solid demonstrated years of team management experience.
Scrum Master experience


Workplace type:

Hybrid Working

About NTT DATA

NTT DATA is a $30+ billion business and technology services leader, serving 75% of the Fortune

Global 100. We are committed to accelerating client success and positively impacting society through

responsible innovation. We are one of the world’s leading AI and digital infrastructure providers, with

unmatched capabilities in enterprise-scale AI, cloud, security, connectivity, data centers and

application services. Our consulting and industry solutions help organizations and society move

confidently and sustainably into the digital future. As a Global Top Employer, we have experts in more

than 70 countries. We also offer clients access to a robust ecosystem of innovation centers as well as

established and start-up partners. NTT DATA is part of NTT Group, which invests over $3 billion each

year in R&D.

Equal Opportunity Employer

NTT DATA is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer with a global culture that embraces diversity. We are committed to providing an environment free of unfair discrimination and harassment. We do not discriminate based on age, race, colour, gender, sexual orientation, religion, nationality, disability, pregnancy, marital status, veteran status, or any other protected category. Join our growing global team and accelerate your career with us. Apply today.

Third parties fraudulently posing as NTT DATA recruiters

NTT DATA recruiters will never ask job seekers or candidates for payment or banking information during the recruitment process, for any reason. Please remain vigilant of third parties who may attempt to impersonate NTT DATA recruiters whether in writing or by phone in order to deceptively obtain personal data or money from you. All email communications from an NTT DATA recruiter will come from an @nttdata.com email address. If you suspect any fraudulent activity, please contact us.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
IT Services and IT Consulting
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at NTT DATA, Inc. by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new DevOps Manager jobs in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Information Security Administrator jobs
Senior Team Lead, DevOps
Similar jobs
Senior DevOps Engineer (Architecture)
Senior DevOps Engineer (Architecture)
BETSoftware
Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
2 hours ago
IT Senior Lead – Infrastructure
IT Senior Lead – Infrastructure
The Unlimited
Umhlanga, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
1 month ago
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
Senior Infrastructure Engineer
BETSoftware
Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
2 hours ago
Senior Platform Engineer
Senior Platform Engineer
Viya
Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
3 months ago
Principal Cloud Technical Architect (Google)
Principal Cloud Technical Architect (Google)
NTT DATA, Inc.
Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
6 days ago
Head of Technology: Spot (Durban)
Head of Technology: Spot (Durban)
Ignition Group
Umhlanga, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
21 hours ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Senior Engineer: Utilities
Senior Engineer: Utilities

Sappi

Stanger, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
1 month ago
Production Manager
Production Manager

PepsiCo

Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
2 days ago
Senior Project Manager
Senior Project Manager

Turner & Townsend

Durban Metropolitan Area
2 weeks ago
Jnr IT Infrastructure and Network Engineer
Jnr IT Infrastructure and Network Engineer

BC Technologies

Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
2 months ago
Senior Production Manager
Senior Production Manager

Pedros

Pinetown, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
1 week ago
Senior Developer
Senior Developer

Games Global

Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
4 days ago
Logistics Leader
Logistics Leader

Volvo Group

Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
3 days ago
Operations Manager
Operations Manager

Energy Drive

Pinetown, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
3 weeks ago
Sales Team Leader
Sales Team Leader

HyperionDev

Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
1 month ago
Senior Developer
Senior Developer

Rewardsco

Umhlanga, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
4 weeks ago
Similar Searches
Information Security Administrator jobs
50 open jobs
Senior Service Delivery Manager jobs
104 open jobs
Firewall Engineer jobs
82 open jobs
National Procurement Manager jobs
47 open jobs
Service Architect jobs
154 open jobs
Process Design Engineer jobs
137 open jobs
Network Analyst jobs
104 open jobs
Senior Security Analyst jobs
20 open jobs
Sharepoint Consultant jobs
12 open jobs
Product Advisor jobs
277 open jobs
Market Research Consultant jobs
32 open jobs
Network Operations Engineer jobs
62 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language

LINKEDIN

Know when new jobs open up

Never miss a job alert with the new LinkedIn app for Windows.

Get the app