Title: Medical Device Regulatory and Quality Consultant
Company: PA Consulting
Location: Melbourn, England, United Kingdom
URL: https://uk.linkedin.com/jobs/view/medical-device-regulatory-and-quality-consultant-at-pa-consulting-4406289608
Posted: 2026-09-28
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The role aligns with Priya's expertise in medical device regulatory/quality compliance (MDR/ISO 13485), requirements traceability, and documentation ownership from her Topcon and Elektrobit experience.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Sign in
Join now
Medical Device Regulatory and Quality Consultant
PA Consulting  Melbourn, England, United Kingdom
5 days ago   Over 200 applicants
  

See who PA Consulting has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Company Description

We believe in the power of ingenuity to build a positive human future.

As strategies, technologies, and innovation collide, we create opportunity from complexity.

Our diverse teams of experts combine innovative thinking and breakthrough technologies to progress further, faster. Our clients adapt and transform, and together we achieve enduring results.

We are over 4,000 strategists, innovators, designers, consultants, digital experts, scientists, engineers, and technologists. And we have deep expertise in consumer and manufacturing, defence and security, energy and utilities, financial services, government and public services, health and life sciences, and transport.

Our teams operate globally from offices across the UK, Ireland, US, Nordics, and Netherlands.

PA. Bringing Ingenuity to Life.

Job Description

We are seeking a highly skilled consultant with experience in medical device and/or combination product Quality and Regulatory processes to join our Healthcare & Life Sciences (HLS) consulting team. This role focuses on advising clients on the regulatory, Quality and compliance aspects of medical devices, through a strong understanding of regulatory and quality requirements for medical devices, software as a medical device (SaMD), and/or combination products. The ideal candidate will have experience leading complex technical projects, integrating multidisciplinary expertise, and ensuring regulatory and quality compliance in innovative MedTech and pharmaceutical product developments.

Key Responsibilities:

Regulatory & Quality Compliance for Medical Devices and Combination Products



Provide expertise on global regulatory requirements for medical devices and combination products ensuring compliance with FDA, EMA, MHRA, MDR/IVDR, and ISO standards.
Guide processes for hardware, software, and AI-driven medical device development to ensure compliance with applicable regulatory standards and guidance, including ISO 13485, ISO 14971, IEC 62304, and related standards and guidance for AI-driven medical technologies.
Advise cross-functional teams of designers, mechanical, electrical, software and usability engineers on requirements and best practices for regulatory and quality compliance.
Ensure requirements traceability from user needs through design, development, verification, and validation
Lead risk management activities in accordance with ISO 14971, ensuring safety and efficacy through robust design and process controls.
Develop and optimise clients’ Quality Management Systems (QMS) to streamline compliance and lifecycle management



Stakeholder & Client Engagement



Work closely with clients’ R&D teams, business stakeholders, and notified bodies to align project goals with industry requirements.
Facilitate cross-functional collaboration, ensuring smooth integration between engineering, quality, and regulatory disciplines.
Translate complex technical and regulatory requirements into actionable development strategies for medical technologies.



Flexible working - We are guided by our client work and needs; however, you have autonomy to manage your time and diary to suit your work/life balance.

Qualifications



The ideal candidate will have:
A technical background in Engineering (systems, biomedical, mechanical, electrical, software, or related field) or Applied Science (physics, chemistry, biology, materials science, etc.).
Demonstrated prior direct experience in the design, development, or testing of medical devices and/or combination products.
At least five years' experience in MedTech, pharmaceuticals, or life sciences, with a strong track record in regulated product development.
Deep expertise in regulatory frameworks (FDA, EMA, MDR/IVDR, ISO 13485, IEC 62304, ISO 14971, GAMP, 21 CFR 4/ 820).
Proven ability to work cross-functionally with engineering, quality, and regulatory teams, contributing practical insights from previous technical roles.
Strong problem-solving skills, troubleshooting expertise and the ability to drive technical decision-making in a highly regulated environment ensuring alignment with business and regulatory needs.
Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects.



We know the skill-gap and the ‘need to tick every box’ can get in the way of meeting brilliant candidates, so please don’t hesitate to apply – we’d love to hear from you.

Additional Information

Life At PA encompasses our peoples' experience at PA. It's about how we enrich peoples’ working lives by giving them access to unique people and growth opportunities and purpose led meaningful work.

We believe diversity fuels ingenuity. Diversity of thought brings exciting perspectives; diversity of experience brings a wealth of knowledge, and diversity of skills brings the tools we need. When we bring people together with diverse backgrounds, identities, and minds, embracing that difference through an inclusive culture where our people thrive; we unleash the power of diversity – bringing ingenuity to life.

Find out more about Life at PA here.

We are dedicated to supporting the physical, emotional, social and financial well-being of our people. Check out some of our extensive benefits:



Health and lifestyle perks accompanying private healthcare for you and your family
25 days annual leave (plus a bonus half day on Christmas Eve) with the opportunity to buy 5 additional days
Generous company pension scheme
Opportunity to get involved with community and charity-based initiatives
Annual performance-based bonus
PA share ownership
Tax efficient benefits (cycle to work, give as you earn)



We recruit, retain, reward and develop our people based solely on their abilities and contributions and without reference to their age, background, disability, genetic information, parental or family status, religion or belief, race, ethnicity, nationality, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity (or expression), political belief, veteran status, or by any other range of human difference brought about by identity and experience. We are on a journey towards ensuring our workforce is diverse at all levels and that our firm is representative of the world around us. We welcome applications from underrepresented groups.

Adjustments or accommodations - Should you need any adjustments or accommodations to the recruitment process, at either application or interview, please contact us.


Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Business Consulting and Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at PA Consulting by 2x

See who you know

Get notified about new Quality Consultant jobs in Melbourn, England, United Kingdom.

Sign in to create job alert
Jobs
Senior Regulatory Associate jobs
Medical Device Regulatory and Quality Consultant
Similar jobs
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Cambridge Consultants
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
7 months ago
Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Head of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Inspiration Healthcare
Croydon, England, United Kingdom
1 month ago
Manager, E.U. Medical Device & IVD Regulation
Manager, E.U. Medical Device & IVD Regulation
Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine
High Wycombe, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Medical Device Quality Specialist Consultant
Medical Device Quality Specialist Consultant
PA Consulting
London, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Medical Device Quality Specialist Consultant
Medical Device Quality Specialist Consultant
PA Consulting
Royston, England, United Kingdom
2 weeks ago
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Hologic, Inc.
Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Director, Regulatory Affairs
Director, Regulatory Affairs

Allucent

Greater London, England, United Kingdom
4 weeks ago
Sr Manager Quality Assurance
Sr Manager Quality Assurance

Hasbro

Uxbridge, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Qualified Person and Responsible Person - UK
Qualified Person and Responsible Person - UK

Dr. Reddy's Laboratories

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
1 day ago
Senior Quality Engineer
Senior Quality Engineer

STEMCELL Technologies

Cambridge, England, United Kingdom
3 weeks ago
Manager, GD Quality Management
Manager, GD Quality Management

Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine

High Wycombe, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Quality (QA) Lead - CDMO
Quality (QA) Lead - CDMO

Mytos

Harrow, England, United Kingdom
3 months ago
Quality Engineer
Quality Engineer

BMS Performance

Brent, England, United Kingdom
£50,000 - £55,000
3 days ago
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist for UK and Ireland
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist for UK and Ireland

Galderma

London, England, United Kingdom
4 weeks ago
Senior Director, Danaher Business System Leader - QARA
Senior Director, Danaher Business System Leader - QARA

Cytiva

Little Chalfont, England, United Kingdom
1 week ago
Regulatory Affairs Manager GB&I
Regulatory Affairs Manager GB&I

Haleon

London, England, United Kingdom
2 days ago
Similar Searches
Senior Regulatory Associate jobs
242 open jobs
Quality And Environmental Manager jobs
989 open jobs
Air Quality Specialist jobs
490 open jobs
Director of Quality Improvement jobs
312 open jobs
Learning Support Teacher jobs
3,440 open jobs
Site Quality Manager jobs
2,088 open jobs
Vice President of Quality jobs
147 open jobs
Acoustic Consultant jobs
101 open jobs
Lead Technical Consultant jobs
3,673 open jobs
Director of Quality jobs
3,367 open jobs
Regulatory Affairs Consultant jobs
451 open jobs
Lead Auditor jobs
2,190 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at PA Consulting
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.