Title: Safety & Mission Assurance Engineer II
Company: Rocket Lab
Location: Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
URL: https://za.linkedin.com/jobs/view/safety-mission-assurance-engineer-ii-at-rocket-lab-4448043961
Posted: 2026-09-19
Deadline: N/A
Reason: The Safety & Mission Assurance Engineer II role at Rocket Lab aligns with Priya’s expertise in regulatory compliance, quality management systems, and technical documentation, matching her experience at Topcon Healthcare and Elektrobit in safety-critical regulated industries.

========================================
JOB DESCRIPTION:
========================================

LinkedIn respects your privacy

LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including professional and job ads) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy.

Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings.

Accept Reject
Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Jobs
Clear text
Clear text
Join now
Sign in
Safety & Mission Assurance Engineer II
Rocket Lab  Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
2 weeks ago  78 applicants
  

See who Rocket Lab has hired for this role

Apply 
Save
Use AI to assess how you fit

Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features.

Am I a good fit for this job?
Tailor my resume
About Rocket Lab

Rocket Lab is an end-to-end space company delivering responsive launch services, complete spacecraft design and manufacturing, payloads, satellite components, and more – all with the goal of opening access to space. The rockets and satellites we build and launch enable some of the most ambitious and vital space missions globally, supporting scientific exploration, Earth observation and missions to combat climate change, national security, and exciting new technology demonstrations.

Our Electron rocket has become the second most frequently launched U.S. rocket annually and has delivered more than 230 satellites to orbit, all while we work to develop Neutron, our upcoming medium-lift, reusable launch vehicle for larger constellation deployment. Our Space Systems business designs and builds our extensive line of satellites, payloads, and their components, including spacecraft that have been selected to support NASA missions to the Moon and Mars and components used on the James Webb Space Telescope.

At Rocket Lab, our Safety & Mission Assurance Team is at the heart of every successful launch. As a Safety & Mission Assurance Engineer II, you’ll play a critical role in supporting our launch safety regulatory compliance—both in documentation and operations—ensuring our missions are safe, compliant, and ready for liftoff.

What You'll Get To Do


Project manage mission submissions: Coordinate inputs from teams across Rocket Lab to create accurate regulatory documentation for every launch vehicle mission, delivered on time.
Flight Safety System (FSS) Mission Submission Management: Review safety-critical component test reports, flag out-of-family components, and manage FSS system summary reports and communications with regulators.
RL Payload Permitting: Prepare and submit payload permit applications for Rocket Lab payloads.
Payload Safety Management: Produce Payload Safety Assessments for low-hazard payloads and work with operational teams to manage mission-specific payload hazards.
Orbital Debris: Ensure new spacecraft programs meet orbital debris reduction requirements.
Launch Operational Safety Regulatory Support: Train to fulfill the Launch Safety Official role during launch operations, monitoring for regulatory compliance.
Monitor Regulatory Compliance: Perform internal audits, monitor compliance across business operations, ensure timely annual report submissions, and maintain accuracy in regulatory submissions during change management.



You'll Bring These Qualifications


Bachelor’s degree in a relevant engineering discipline.
4+ years of experience in an engineering role with a focus on regulatory compliance, requirements, or safety.
Knowledge of quality management systems.
Excellent project management, communication, and technical writing skills.



These Qualifications Would Be Nice To Have


Knowledge of regulations and standards related to space systems and operations.
Experience with safety management systems and standards.
Ability to read and comprehend new standards and regulations.
Understanding of engineering development and production processes.



If the above sounds like you, apply now!

What To Expect

We’re on a mission to unlock the potential of space to improve life on Earth, but that’s not an easy task. It takes hard work, determination, relentless innovation, teamwork, grit, and an unwavering commitment to achieving what others often deem impossible. Our people out-think, out-work, and out-pace. We pride ourselves on having each other’s backs, checking our egos at the door, and rolling up our sleeves on all tasks big and small. We thrive under pressure, work to tight deadlines, and our focus is always on how we can deliver, rather than dwelling on the challenges that stand in the way.

Important Information

FOR CANDIDATES SEEKING TO WORK IN US OFFICES ONLY:

To conform to U.S. Government space technology export regulations, including the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), Rocket Lab Employees must be a U.S. citizen, lawful U.S. permanent resident (i.e., current Green Card holder), or lawfully admitted into the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum, or be eligible to obtain the required authorizations from the U.S. Department of State and/or the U.S. Department of Commerce, as applicable. Learn more about ITAR here.

Rocket Lab provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment at Rocket Lab, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for the application/interview process for a job in the United States should contact Giulia Johnson at g.biow@rocketlabusa.com.This dedicated resource is intended solely to assist job seekers with disabilities whose disability prevents them from being able to apply/interview. Only messages left for this purpose will be considered. A response to your request may take up to two business days.

FOR CANDIDATES SEEKING TO WORK IN NEW ZEALAND OFFICES ONLY:

For security reasons, background checks will be undertaken prior to any employment offers being made to an applicant. These checks will include nationality checks as it is a requirement of this position that you be eligible to access equipment and data regulated by the United States' International Traffic in Arms Regulations.

Under these Regulations, you may be ineligible for this role if you do not hold citizenship of Australia, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland, the European Union, or a country that is part of NATO, or if you hold ineligible dual citizenship or nationality. For more information on these Regulations, click here ITAR Regulations.
Show more 
Seniority level
Mid-Senior level
Employment type
Full-time
Industries
Spectator Sports, Software Development, and Information Services
  

Referrals increase your chances of interviewing at Rocket Lab by 2x

See who you know
Get notified when a new job is posted.
Set alert
Similar jobs
Senior Safety Officer (AMO)
Senior Safety Officer (AMO)
FlySafair
City of Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
1 day ago
RAMS Engineer
RAMS Engineer
Alstom
Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
1 week ago
Senior Engineer - Asset Integrity Management (RBI · Inspection · Reliability Engineering)
Senior Engineer - Asset Integrity Management (RBI · Inspection · Reliability Engineering)
TÜV Rheinland Group
Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
1 month ago
QA Auditor
QA Auditor
FlySafair
City of Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
2 weeks ago
Consultant Engineer, Fire
Consultant Engineer, Fire
TÜV SÜD
Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
1 week ago
Engineer: Autonomous Inspection & Emerging Technologies
Engineer: Autonomous Inspection & Emerging Technologies
TÜV Rheinland Group
Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
2 weeks ago
Show more jobs like this 
People also viewed
Qualified Person
Qualified Person

Afrox

Germiston, Gauteng, South Africa
2 days ago
TPQC Engineer
TPQC Engineer

Saint-Gobain Africa

Brakpan, Gauteng, South Africa
23 hours ago
Assessor: Hytec Engineering
Assessor: Hytec Engineering

Bosch Rexroth Africa

Kempton Park, Gauteng, South Africa
4 days ago
Technical Information Engineer
Technical Information Engineer

Komatsu

Germiston, Gauteng, South Africa
2 days ago
Quality Assurance Engineer
Quality Assurance Engineer

Network Recruitment

Pretoria Metropolitan Area
4 days ago
Maintenance Specialist
Maintenance Specialist

Sasol

Sandton, Gauteng, South Africa
3 days ago
Health and Safety Officer
Health and Safety Officer

Cosmo Central Group

Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa
2 days ago
Product Compliance Manager
Product Compliance Manager

SASSO CONSULTING

Boksburg, Gauteng, South Africa
ZAR 50,000 - ZAR 60,000
2 weeks ago
Quality Engineer
Quality Engineer

ExecutivePlacements.com

Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa
1 week ago
【QAS】品質保証エンジニア〔東京／大樹〕
【QAS】品質保証エンジニア〔東京／大樹〕

Interstellar Technologies

Ivory Park, Gauteng, South Africa
2 months ago
Similar Searches
Process Safety Engineer jobs
201 open jobs
Safety Supervisor jobs
219 open jobs
Regulatory Engineer jobs
11 open jobs
Senior Traffic Engineer jobs
20 open jobs
Risk Engineer jobs
171 open jobs
Benefits Officer jobs
182 open jobs
Fire Protection Engineer jobs
75 open jobs
Safety Specialist jobs
226 open jobs
Safety Manager jobs
387 open jobs
Occupational Hygienist jobs
29 open jobs
Compliance Engineer jobs
129 open jobs
Safety Coordinator jobs
203 open jobs
Show more 
More searches 
LinkedIn
© 2026
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to see who you already know at Rocket Lab
Sign in with Email

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.